PRIVACY.md, before:

# Privacy Policy

Last updated: January 1st, 2023

This project is responsible in terms of data protection laws, in particular the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)

## Our Data Usage

Our project saves your:
  
  - Discord User ID | stored for just 30 days

Our project get your:

  - Discord Profile Picture | stored for just 30 days
  - Discord Banner (if you have one) | stored for just 30 days
  - Account Date Creation (to see if your account is a new/alt account) | stored for just 30 days

## Your Rights as a Data Subject

You can exercise the following rights at any time using the contact details provided by our data protection officer:

Information about your data stored by us and their processing (Art. 15 GDPR),

Correction of incorrect personal data (Art. 16 GDPR),

Deletion of your data stored by us (Art. 17 GDPR),

Restriction of data processing, insofar as we are not yet allowed to delete your data due to legal obligations (Art. 18 GDPR),

Objection to the processing of your data by us (Art. 21 GDPR) 

Data portability, provided you have consented to data processing or have concluded a contract with us (Art. 20 GDPR).

If you have given us your consent, you can revoke it at any time with future effect.

## Payments

No payments are required for use of our project.

## Links to External Websites
Our service may contain links to external websites that are not operated by us.

We do not have any control over their content and privacy policy, accordingly we do not assume any responsibility in this regard.

## Children
Our services do not knowingly process data from children (under the age of 13).

## SSL Encryption
In order to protect the security of your data during transmission, we use state-of-the-art encryption methods (e.g. SSL) via HTTPS.

Commit message:

Removing your data from database

PRIVACY.md, after:

# Privacy Policy

Last updated: January 1st, 2023

This project is responsible in terms of data protection laws, in particular the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)

## Our Data Usage

Our project does not store any data as of the [16.0](https://github.com/Sev6nOfficial/aumount-docs/releases/tag/discord-bot-v14) update!

## Your Rights as a Data Subject

You can exercise the following rights at any time using the contact details provided by our data protection officer:

Information about your data stored by us and their processing (Art. 15 GDPR),

Correction of incorrect personal data (Art. 16 GDPR),

Deletion of your data stored by us (Art. 17 GDPR),

Restriction of data processing, insofar as we are not yet allowed to delete your data due to legal obligations (Art. 18 GDPR),

Objection to the processing of your data by us (Art. 21 GDPR) 

Data portability, provided you have consented to data processing or have concluded a contract with us (Art. 20 GDPR).

If you have given us your consent, you can revoke it at any time with future effect.

## Payments

No payments are required for use of our project.

## Links to External Websites
Our service may contain links to external websites that are not operated by us.

We do not have any control over their content and privacy policy, accordingly we do not assume any responsibility in this regard.

## Children
Our services do not knowingly process data from children (under the age of 13).

## SSL Encryption
In order to protect the security of your data during transmission, we use state-of-the-art encryption methods (e.g. SSL) via HTTPS.
